minecraft:dirt,0,Dirt
minecraft:cobblestone,0,Cobblestone
minecraft:iron_ore,0,Iron Ore
minecraft:gold_ore,0,Gold Ore
thermalfoundation:ore,1,Tin Ore
thermalfoundation:ore,2,Silver Ore
thermalfoundation:ore,3,Lead Ore
minecraft:stone,1,Granite
minecraft:stone,3,Diorite
minecraft:stone,5,Andesite
minecraft:gravel,0,Gravel
minecraft:obsidian,0,Obsidian
minecraft:coal,0,Coal
minecraft:diamond,0,Diamond
minecraft:redstone,0,Redstone
minecraft:flint,0,Flint
minecraft:dye,4,Lapis Lazuli
thermalfoundation:material,893,Destabilized Clathrate
thermalfoundation:ore,5,Nickel Ore
deepresonance:resonating_ore,0,Resonating Ore
thaumcraft:ore_cinnabar,0,Cinnabar Ore
actuallyadditions:block_misc,3,Black Quartz Ore
projectred-core:resource_item,105,Electrotine
chisel:basalt2,7,Basalt
biomesoplenty:gem,4,Tanzanite
chisel:limestone2,7,Limestone
rustic:slate,0,Slate
chisel:marble2,7,Marble
thermalfoundation:material,0,Pulverized Iron
thermalfoundation:material,66,Pulverized Silver
thermalfoundation:material,67,Pulverized Lead
thermalfoundation:material,65,Pulverized Tin
thermalfoundation:material,1,Pulverized Gold
thermalfoundation:material,69,Pulverized Nickel
actuallyadditions:item_misc,5,Black Quartz
minecraft:iron_ingot,0,Iron Ingot
thermalfoundation:material,130,Silver Ingot
thermalfoundation:material,131,Lead Ingot
thermalfoundation:material,129,Tin Ingot
minecraft:gold_ingot,0,Gold Ingot
appliedenergistics2:material,0,Certus Quartz Crystal
minecraft:gunpowder,0,Gunpowder
minecraft:ender_pearl,0,Ender Pearl
minecraft:bone,0,Bone
thermalfoundation:material,133,Nickel Ingot
thermalfoundation:material,866,Cinnabar
minecraft:string,0,String
extrautils2:redorchid,0,Red Orchid
draconicevolution:draconium_dust,0,Draconium Dust
minecraft:carrot,0,Carrot
minecraft:skull,2,Zombie Head
actuallyadditions:item_solidified_experience,0,Solidified Experience
rustic:core_root,0,Core Root
quark:root_flower,1,Black Sprout
quark:root_flower,0,Blue Sprout
quark:root_flower,2,White Sprout
minecraft:red_mushroom,0,Red Mushroom
quark:root,0,Cave Root
xreliquary:mob_ingredient,6,Zombie Heart
thaumcraft:nugget,10,Rare Earths
botania:mushroom,0,White Shimmering Mushroom
thaumcraft:brain,0,Zombie Brain
fluxnetworks:flux,0,Flux
extrautils2:ingredients,0,Resonating Redstone Crystal
minecraft:rotten_flesh,0,Rotten Flesh
minecraft:slime_ball,0,Slimeball
minecraft:hardened_clay,0,Terracotta
thermalfoundation:material,128,Copper Ingot
minecraft:emerald,0,Emerald
minecraft:clay_ball,0,Clay
thermalfoundation:material,64,Pulverized Copper
xreliquary:mob_ingredient,0,Rib Bone
minecraft:arrow,0,Arrow
thermalfoundation:material,70,Pulverized Platinum
minecraft:dye,15,Bone Meal
thermalfoundation:ore,4,Aluminum Ore
minecraft:stone,0,Stone
minecraft:sand,0,Sand
minecraft:netherrack,0,Netherrack
minecraft:stonebrick,0,Stone Bricks
minecraft:sapling,1,Spruce Sapling
minecraft:stick,0,Stick
minecraft:rail,0,Track
thermalfoundation:ore,0,Copper Ore
railcraft:ingot,3,Lead Ingot
minecraft:glowstone_dust,0,Glowstone Dust
minecraft:skull,0,Skeleton Skull
minecraft:spider_eye,0,Spider Eye
minecraft:sugar,0,Sugar
minecraft:blaze_powder,0,Blaze Powder
computercraft:peripheral,1,Wireless Modem
thermalfoundation:material,134,Platinum Ingot
appliedenergistics2:material,2,Certus Quartz Dust
enderio:item_material,20,Grains of Infinity
thaumcraft:amber,0,Amber
botania:mushroom,5,Lime Shimmering Mushroom
botania:mushroom,9,Cyan Shimmering Mushroom
xreliquary:mob_ingredient,3,Catalyzing Gland
xreliquary:mob_ingredient,4,Slime Pearl
xreliquary:mob_ingredient,5,Bat Wing
thaumcraft:crystal_essence,0,Perdito Vis Crystal
biomesoplenty:mushroom,3,Glowshroom
natura:overworld_seeds,0,Barley Seeds
astralsorcery:blockmarble,0,Marble
astralsorcery:blockmarble,1,Marble Bricks
astralsorcery:blockmarble,2,Marble Pillar
astralsorcery:itemcraftingcomponent,0,Aquamarine
actuallyadditions:block_lamp_powerer,0,Lamp Controller
actuallyadditions:block_colored_lamp,5,Lime Lamp
railcraft:cart_work,0,Work Cart
railcraft:tool_crowbar_seasons,0,Crowbar of Seasons
thermalfoundation:ore,7,Iridium Ore
minecraft:log,1,Spruce Wood
minecraft:planks,1,Spruce Wood Planks
thermalfoundation:material,68,Pulverized Aluminum
thermalfoundation:material,71,Pulverized Iridium
thermalfoundation:material,132,Aluminum Ingot
thermalfoundation:material,135,Iridium Ingot
minecraft:glass,0,Glass
minecraft:cooked_beef,0,Steak
minecraft:leather,0,Leather
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone,0,Moss Stone
minecraft:chest_minecart,0,Chest Cart
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds,0,Pumpkin Seeds
